My father Xiao Jingshan corrected all his life
How can I be as full of demons as you are?
I remember that Xiao Jingshan also taught you
Look at people, don't just look at the surface
If you only look at the surface, you can't see through the world
Are you curious?
Do you want to know the truth?
Kill me and you will know the truth
Ah battalion commander
As expected of the army
Really domineering
Ah!
No matter whose face this person has
I am convinced that he is the blade of life 400 years ago
If you see your spirit again, help me overcome
Very good, if you can't even stand the episode just now
Tai Ling is looking forward to the clouds to solve the sea
Orchid cheats welcome the practice
The defensive way of the world
Dare to make an axe in front of this magic mirror
Take it!
Yun Sheng Jiehai Que can only reluctantly help him
Focus.
The style strength is amazing
You can actually use two top-level exercises at the same time
You are comparing yourself to me
Whose true essence goes first and then advances?
What other tricks are there?